Now let's add additional validations for these fields.
So far we are checking only the required validation for the email and password, but Engler has the
validators for the email type, or we can use the pattern for the password, so let's do that.
So adding a new test and this is for email and this time we will validate this to be entry in email
format.
So I'm just typing something not in email format.
So this is wrong format and this is going to be displaying the message invalid email address.
So basically this validation will require something matching to the email pattern.
So let's say this one.
So it is failing.
Let's fix it.
So for the email, other than the required, we will add the second validator and that is for the data's
email.
So this is going to be serving email error when it is not matching to the the email pattern.
So here in this block, we can check else if.
Fields.
As field errors.
If there is anything about email, then we can return this message.
Invalid email address.
So let's save this one.
And the test is passing.
Let's test this on browser here in the email input.
I'm just typing in a value a, b, c, it's showing this invalid email address heading sign mail dot
com.
And here we see that validation is passing.
Now for the password, let's add the validation for the pattern.
So let's add a new test here.
Just copying the, the one for the password paste in here.
So as a value just typing password, it's all letters in lowercase.
And the error message we are going to see is password must have at least one uppercase, one lowercase
letter and one number.
So this is the message we are looking for saving this one.
So it is failing.
And we will add a validator for password.
And for this one, we are going to use a regex for this pattern.
So we have this validators pattern and this is looking for pattern here.
And I'm pasting the pattern right here.
So basically, this is a regex looking for lowercase letters, uppercase letters and number.
So it is looking for these to be existing in the value.
So after that validation fails, we can check it right here.
So right here.
Else if failed errors.
Pattern.
If it is failing with the pattern, then we can return the message.
Just going to copy the message from the test.
Right here.
This one.
It's earning this message.
So saving these changes.
And the tests are passing.
So this one is passing and we can add other variations for this one like here, copying it, pasting
right here.
The value is like, let's say lowercase and uppercase letters or just lowercase and number.
So this is a failure case and all also like all uppercase and just number.
So these are all failing cases.
Let's save this.
And here we see all of them are failing because we need to have at least one lowercase, one uppercase
and one number.
So the tests are passing.
And let's also add the same test for the just part.
So here, just copying the email pasting.
Here, the value is like this wrong format and the message will be.
Invalid email address.
And adding the test for the password pattern.
So this is password.
And this is the message.
And also just adding to other variations like.
Only letters.
That's a lowercase letter and number.
Uppercase letter N number and just console is open here is formatting the table here saving it.
And the tests are passing.